greetings and welcome to Lord of
mythology I am Caine I will tell you
tell the tale of artemis and her twin
brother paulo and how their mother
avoided the envy of hera Leto was a
Titan goddess was use he's mate before
he married her and that time she became
pregnant and even though their
relationship at fast Hara was filled
with jealousy and spite she hunted down
Leto to the ends of the earth even
sending the mighty Python to chase her
Leto was cursed as she could not give
birth on land fortunately she found an
island that did not touch the ground
first she gave birth to Artemis and
after seven days of labor Apollo was
born legend say Artemis aided her mother
as a midwife and so became a protector
of women who went into labor the
children grew rapidly powerful at the
age of only four days of hollow killed
to fight on yet he had to be punished
for the slayed beast was a child of Gaia
yut mother during this period autumn has
spent her days in a wild
binding with nature and learning the
ways of the hunt
she became skilled with a bow and found
a connection to the moon ottomans chose
independence and requested to her father
Zeus boy turned chastity and virginity
however Artemis was not without spite on
a fateful day the queen of Peaks boasted
that she was better than Leto but she
had given birth to seven girls and seven
boys instead of only having two children
autumn asana
all overprotective of their mother and
shut down all the children but one of
each gender so no one would ever again
claim that they were superior to leto
the Titan goddess of motherhood together
when Apollo she stood at the side of joy
in the Trojan War Agamemnon General of
the Greek army often insulted Artemis he
foolishly boasted that his ways of the
hunt was superior to animus though
Artemis stopped the Greek ships in the
sea homing the waters so they could not
sail I command on had to sacrifice the
thing he loved the most to be free of
this eerie calm waters he sacrificed his
daughter - Artemis and so she allowed
them to pass she had to honor his
sacrifice
I remember the potent war
I stood alongside heroes such as
Achilles and Ajax it was glorious you
never fought in the Trojan War I did i
single-handedly smashed down the Trojan
day and destroyed Troy's army that is
not true
precisely I always speak the truth
I do believe here over exaggerating now
he'll me Agamemnon was not the only king
who ever be foolish enough to insult
artemis king Irenaeus hosted a harvest
festival honoring all the gods except he
forgot to honor artemis a foolish boy
indeed insulted Sesenta Caledonian bore
to wreak havoc upon his kingdom the king
then held the Caledonian hunt to slay
the Beast many heroes came from all over
Greece in the end it
the woman at the Landau who won the
trophies the only female Huntress who
entered the competition he was favored
by the goddess when she had taken the
other virginity to Artemis Artemis now
spends her time in nature with her
sacred animals nurturing herself under
the light of the Moon practicing her
skill and protecting all women who would
call upon her this is the tale of
Artemis goddess of the hunt I do hope
you thoroughly enjoyed yourselves now
I'm going to take a nap until next time
Oh Marie
oh boy
oh really